Add signature of public function to readme (#21)
napari/bermuda: README.md

Rust backend for napari contains code to speed up triangulation.

## Usage

> Currently, this package export only one function `triangulate_path_edge` which 
> takes a list of points and returns a list of triangles.
> 
> code works only with float32 points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, this package exports only one function, `triangulate_path_edge`, which 
takes a list of points representing a path and returns a list of triangles
to draw the path with a given width.

Currently, only float32 points are supported.
```

```python
from typing import Literal
import numpy as np
import numpy.typing as npt

> def triangulate_path_edge(

Reviewer: Is this just copied over from the package? I don't know if that's a good idea (hard to keep in sync etc)

Reviewer: (But, happy to merge as-is for now until we have proper autogenerated API docs)

Author: No. It is copied from napari code. 
I prefer to generate documentation from code but it will require time to setup
